docs: accessibility improvements (#4652)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/menu/menu-item.md

</sp-menu>
```

> ##### Icon management

Reviewer: This renders super small for me on the docs site. Could we bump it up by 1 (and same for the Icon header above?) 
```suggestion
#### Icon management
```

> When you use `<sp-menu-item>` elements without text content, you will need to be sure to use the `value` attribute so that the `<sp-picker>` or `<sp-menu>` element can differentiate between the available options. Further, it is important that you apply accessible labeling to the `[slot="icon"]` content as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `<sp-menu-item>` elements without text content, be sure to use the `value` attribute so that the `<sp-picker>` or `<sp-menu>` element can differentiate between the available options. Further, it is important to apply accessible labeling to the `[slot="icon"]` content as follows:
```

Removed 2nd person for consistency

```html
<sp-field-label for="picker-icons-only">Choose an action...</sp-field-label>
<sp-picker

>     label="What would you like to do?"

Reviewer 2: redundant?

    value="item-2"
    id="picker-icons-only"
>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-1">
        <sp-icon-save-floppy slot="icon" label="Save"></sp-icon-save-floppy>
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-2">
        <sp-icon-stopwatch slot="icon" label="Finish"></sp-icon-stopwatch>
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-3">
        <sp-icon-user-activity
            slot="icon"
            label="Review"
        ></sp-icon-user-activity>
    </sp-menu-item>
</sp-picker>
```

#### Description

> Content assigned to the `description` slot will be placed below the `<sp-menu-item>`, like help text for users to understand the context of corresponding `<sp-menu-item>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content assigned to the `"description"` slot, eg help text, will be placed below the `<sp-menu-item>` to help users understand the context of corresponding `<sp-menu-item>`.
```

I'm reading this sentence as "content (like help text, for example) assigned to the slot helps users understand the context of the menu item" and put my suggestion accordingly. But if you meant "help text relating to a menu component is an example of how one could use the description slot", my suggestion probably would change here.

</sp-menu>
```

#### Value

> ##### Value slot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Value slot
```

Content assigned to the `value` slot will be placed at the end of the `<sp-menu-item>`, like values, keyboard shortcuts, etc., based on the current text direction.

```html
<sp-menu style="width: 200px;">
    <sp-menu-item>
        Save
        <kbd slot="value">⌘S</kbd>
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item>
        Completed
        <span slot="value">47%</span>
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item>
        Activity
        <sp-link slot="value" href="#">More&nbsp;info</sp-link>
    </sp-menu-item>
</sp-menu>
```

#### Value attribute

When displayed as a descendent of an element that manages selection (e.g. `<sp-action-menu>`, `<sp-picker>`, `<sp-split-button>`, etc.), an `<sp-menu-item>` will represent the "selected" value of that ancestor when its `value` attribute or the trimmed `textContent` (represeted by `el.itemText`) matches the `value` of the ancestor element.

> In the following example, the selected `<sp-menu-item>` represents a `value` of `Text that is really long and useful to a visitor, but not exactly good to use in your application or component state.` for the ancestor element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the selected `<sp-menu-item>` represents a `value` of `"Text that is really long and useful to a visitor, but not exactly good to use in your application or component state."` for the ancestor element.
```
We could probably remove the backticks around the `value`'s value if you're keen.

</sp-action-menu>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
</sp-tabs>

> When the `value` attribute is leveraged, the selected `<sp-menu-item>` represents a `value` of `short-key` for the `<sp-action-menu>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `value` attribute is leveraged, the selected `<sp-menu-item>` represents a `value` of `"short-key"` for the `<sp-action-menu>` element.
```

Author: @najikahalsema do we want both the backticks and the quotes?

Reviewer: My thought here was that when you're writing the actual code, the syntax is `value="short-key"`, right? That's why I have both. If it's actually `value=short-key`, then we wouldn't need the quotes. What do you think?

    </sp-menu-item>
</sp-action-menu>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
</sp-tabs>

#### Submenu

> An `<sp-menu-item>` can also accept content addressed to its `submenu` slot. Using the `<sp-menu>` element with this slot name the options will be surfaced in flyout menu that can be activated by hovering over the root menu item with your pointer or focusing the menu item and pressing the appropriate `ArrowRight` or `ArrowLeft` key based on text direction to move into the submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `<sp-menu-item>` can also accept content addressed to its `"submenu"` slot. An `<sp-menu>` element with this slot name surfaces the options in an adjacent popover, which can be activated by hovering over the parent menu item with your pointer or focusing the menu item and pressing the appropriate `ArrowRight` or `ArrowLeft` key based on text direction to move into the submenu.
```
I tried to match the [language on our Spectrum docs site for Menu](https://spectrum.corp.adobe.com/page/menu/#Popover-submenus) here. We could also say "triggering menu item" instead of "parent"?

```html
<sp-menu style="width: 200px;">
    <sp-menu-item>
        Item with submenu
        <sp-menu slot="submenu">
            <sp-menu-item>Additional options</sp-menu-item>
            <sp-menu-item>Available on request</sp-menu-item>
        </sp-menu>
    </sp-menu-item>
</sp-menu>
```

### Accessibility guidelines

#### Include a label

> Use either visible slotted textContent or the `label` attribute to ensure menu items can be read by assistive technology.

Reviewer: What does "visible slotted textContent" refer to here? Just asking for my own understanding.

Author: @najikahalsema how does this sound?

```
Either place visible text in the component's slot or use `label` attribute to ensure menu items can be read by assistive technology.
```

<sp-tabs selected="text" auto label="Labelling menuitems">
<sp-tab value="text">Using slotted text</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="text">

```html demo
<sp-field-label for="picker-icons-only">Choose an action...</sp-field-label>
<sp-picker

>     label="What would you like to do?"

Reviewer 2: redundant?

    value="item-2"
    id="picker-icons-only"
>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-1">
        <sp-icon-save-floppy slot="icon"></sp-icon-save-floppy>
        Save
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-2">
        <sp-icon-stopwatch slot="icon"></sp-icon-stopwatch>
        Finish
    </sp-menu-item>
    <sp-menu-item value="item-3">
        <sp-icon-user-activity slot="icon"></sp-icon-user-activity>
        Review
    </sp-menu-item>
</sp-picker>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="attr">Using label attribute</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="attr">

```html demo
<sp-field-label for="picker-icons-only">Choose an action...</sp-field-label>
<sp-picker

>     label="What would you like to do?"

Reviewer 2: redundant?
